Prerequisites

These utilitity scripts are colling some external programs. Most of these 
binaries should be contained in a standard Linux installation. If these 
scripts malfunction or a feature does not work it would be wise to verify 
whether the needed binaries are included in the used virtual machine (and 
check the usual log files, of course).

These programs are needed:

awk, cat, chmod, chown, cut, cvt, find, grep, head, hexdump, ln, logger,
mkdir, mount, mount.cifs, mv, ping, printf, ps, rmdir, sed, sleep, su,
systemctl, timeout, unlink, xdg-user-dir, xrandr, xterm.

Two likely candidates are in particular mount.cifs and xdg-user-dir. Do 
detect missing binaries it is helpful to start the script openslx with root 
permissions by hand and check for "…not found" messages.


Log file entries:

These script do log a multitude of information to syslog. Every log entry is 
distinguished by a preceding 'openslx'; the entries are further itemised by:

'openslx utility script': openslx main script,
'openslx sharemapper': utility to mount network shares,
'openslx resolution utility': utility to set monitor resolution.


Included scripts:

This package consists of following scripts:

vm_installer: 	This script is to be started once in a local, permanent (so 
		not within the pool system environment) virtual machine. It 
		writes two systemd service files and links them, so following 
		scripts will be started at system startup resp. shutdown.

openslx:	The script openslx will be started via systemd service written 
		by vm_installer. It calls the functions resolution and 
		mnt_shares. The formerly solitary scripts resolution and 
		mnt_shares will be necessary no longer.

umnt_shares:	(before shutdown.target): Unmounts given network shares at 
		virtual machine shutdown.

resolution_standalone: Standalone version of resolution sctipt. Needs no 
		preliminary work done by systemd or vm_runtime. It has to be 
		embedded/startedt via adequate means by hand (eg. 
		Xsetup/Xreset).

		Annotation: This script will not be maintained regularly, so 
		it is recommended to use openslx.


Obsolete as single scripts:

resolution:     (after display-manager.service): Sets resolution within the 
		virtual machine according to base system resolution given via 
		config file openslx.ini, and re-checks it for some time.

mnt_shares:     (after basic.target): Reads entries remapMode (and 
		createMissingRemap, todo) from the file openslx.ini, and 
		mounts the shares given by shares.dat according to remapMode. 
		mounts therein given network shares.

